$ estate-review.sh --help
usage: estate-review.sh <org|owner/repo> [flags]
       estate-review.sh --from-json <file>

Read-only estate review. Prints the same nine sections in the same order for
every estate; a surface with no data is stated as empty, never omitted.

  --since <YYYY-MM-DD>  window start (default: --window days before --until)
  --until <YYYY-MM-DD>  window end (default: today, UTC)
  --window <days>       window length when --since is absent (default 90)
  --json                print the derived model (contract xo-estate-review.v1)
  --from-json <file>    render the report from a stored model, making no network call
  -h, --help            this usage

Choosing the period is all these flags do. Every other setting - the trend
periods, the stalled and unmaintained thresholds, the repository, pull-request
and risk-row caps, and the fork and archived selection - is a constant, so two
reports cannot differ for a reason the reader cannot see. The report states the
window, the thresholds and the selection, and its collection log names every
read that stopped at a cap.

HOW COLLECTION IS BOUNDED. The commit, workflow-run, open-issue and repository
listing reads are paged walks that stop at a page bound. Pull requests take two
walks per repository: one descends by update time until it leaves the window,
spending its pull-request cap only on those updated before the window ended, and
one walks open pull requests oldest-first, not bounded by the window because a
pull request nobody has touched for a year is the stalled work the report has to
name, spending that same cap on every open pull request it reads. One pull
request's reviews are read in a single page of the review cap, and a pull request
carrying more is disclosed as a cap of its own. Each bound's value is in the
model's `options`, which --json prints; none of them is a flag.

The window must hold at least one day per trend period, because the periods are
dated rather than timed and a shorter window would date two of them the same.
A window below that is refused and the refusal names the minimum.

With --from-json only --json applies. --since, --until and --window are refused
by name: the window is already cut into the stored model and a different one
needs a fresh collection.

It never writes to the estate it reviews.

